# Sleepover-My-Personal-Website
This is a submission for the Athena Initiative Sleepover. This is Gummi's (Mine) Personal website. This is basically my personal website where I put everything and anything I could think of! This is a website where you can explore somne of my interests, click on a cat api and generate a bunch of cat images, and go on to check out a custom 404 page that will glitch you out. I have a couple of drawings of me on there as well and you can change the backgrounds whenever you want to. 
I made this project as I wanted to update my personal website and show how much I have learned since I started coding early last year. I had a lot of updates in my life and things I wanted to record down somewhere other than on my phone. So, I made this website where I could share it with everyone!
I made my project through the help of some AI and Youtube. I was having trouble figuring out what I wanted to do with my website as I hadn't done much previously in my other versions. I used Youtube for the JavaScript and some of the CSS as I did some pretty advanced stuff that I hadn't had much practice in beforehand. I added a bit to the project every couple of days as I kept getting ideas every no and then and finally I got everything to work one weekend. 
I struggled with figuring out some of the JavaScript involved with the background because it was interfering with the JavaScript with my cursor. There were a lot of issues in making sure the 404 page work as well because it was my first time working on something like that. I had no idea how to use the home-ibn tag and worked on figuring out what that was exactly for a good hour one day. 
